Added more detail to Session Replay retention policy (#20709)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/browser/browser-monitoring/browser-pro-features/session-replay/get-started.mdx

* 4 hours of a user session
* 30 minutes of inactivity

> Replay data is stored in the `Browser events` namespace which has a [default retention of 8 days](/docs/data-apis/manage-data/manage-data-retention/#retention-periods). Retention can be extended with [Data Plus](/docs/accounts/accounts-billing/new-relic-one-pricing-billing/data-ingest-billing/#data-prices) or by [editing your retention settings](/docs/data-apis/manage-data/manage-data-retention/#adjust-retention).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Session Replay data is stored for 8 days in the `Browser events` namespace. To know more about default retention periods, refer to [data retention documentation](/docs/data-apis/manage-data/manage-data-retention/#retention-periods). To extend this retention period, you can either upgrade to [Data Plus](/docs/accounts/accounts-billing/new-relic-one-pricing-billing/data-ingest-billing/#data-prices) or [edit your retention settings](/docs/data-apis/manage-data/manage-data-retention/#adjust-retention).
```
